docs: adding details on how to declare a UIB app and other improvements (#2773)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/package-and-deploy-your-application.adoc

Check the log of the bonita-ui-builder container with `docker logs <container-name>` to find which application is on error.
Then fix your application and be sure your export are compatible and a valid JSON.
--

[.troubleshooting-section]
--
[.symptom]

> After building and running the Bonita UI Builder, no application can't be seen or found in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building and running the Bonita UI Builder, no application can be seen or found in production.
```

[.cause]#Cause#
This is probably due to an error when the application was xref:builder-declare-interface-in-bonita.adoc[declared] in the Application Descriptor. Bonita UI Builder is therefore unable to find the application's location.

[.solution]#Solution#

> Make sure the application designed with Bonita UI Builder is declared using the <advancedLink> tag. Then, save and deploy the Application Descriptor by clicking the `deploy` button in the Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the application designed with Bonita UI Builder is declared using the `<advancedLink>` tag. Then, save and deploy the Application Descriptor by clicking the `deploy` button in the Studio.
```

> Also, make sure the `token` value is identical to the value of the `slug` key found in the xref:package-and-deploy-your-application.adoc#_export_your_application[JSON export of the application]. If several `slug` keys are found in the JSON export, you should take the value of the first `slug` key. It is usually identical to your application's name.

Reviewer: > It is usually identical to your application's name.

Same feedback
